Add K8s Authenticator Quickstart (#326)
cyberark/conjur-authn-k8s-client: bin/test-workflow/QUICKSTART.md

# Conjur Kubernetes Authentication Quick Start Guide

The following guide details an end-to-end workflow for using Conjur Kubernetes
authentication by deploying a PetStore demo application to a
Kubernetes-in-Docker (kind) cluster.

At the end of this quickstart, you will have:

> * Deployed Conjur OSS to a kind cluster

Reviewer: This is purely an observation comment and you don't need to act on it other than potentially creating an issue for future work. 

It's definitely simpler at this point to be prescriptive in this guide and mention only using the KinD cluster. However, in future work it would be nice if the KinD step became optional so that users could bring their own Kubernetes cluster. The requirement being that `kubectl` is already setup to communicate to their cluster of choice. This would change the steps of the quickstart from:

* Deployed Conjur OSS to a kind cluster
* ...

to:

* Created a KinD cluster (optional)
* Deployed Conjur OSS to a Kubernetes cluster
* ...

Author: Filed #329

* Prepared the cluster with Conjur Config Cluster Prep Helm chart
* Prepared and enabled the Kubernetes authenticator in Conjur
* Prepared PetStore app namespace with Conjur NameSpace Prep Helm chart
* Deployed and verified the PetStore demo application with authentication sidecar

## Prerequisites

* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind#installation-and-usage)
* [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl)
* [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)

# Steps

### Prepare a Cluster and Deploy Conjur OSS

Preparing for the rest of the workflow requires:

* Starting a kind cluster with local Docker registry
* Creating a new namespace for Conjur, `conjur-oss`
* Deploying Conjur OSS with Helm
* Enable the Kubernetes Authenticator in Conjur

The Conjur OSS Helm Chart is published on
[GitHub](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-oss-helm-chart).

> This step wraps a Conjur OSS kind deployment
> [example](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-oss-helm-chart/tree/main/examples/kubernetes-in-docker)
> found there.

Reviewer: I think it might be useful to rephrase this to provide more detail about the example folder and call out the scripts.

```suggestion
The Conjur OSS Helm Chart repository contains an [example](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-oss-helm-chart/tree/main/examples/kubernetes-in-docker) folder with scripts and instructions for deploying the Conjur OSS Helm Chart on KinD. The scripts from the example folder are used to accomplish this step by git cloning the Conjur OSS Helm Chart repository and using them to carry out the tasks mentioned above.
```

Reviewer: I think we should also explicitly mention the need for git, can't be too careful.

Author: - Added detail to mention of Conjur OSS Helm Chart example
- Added `git` to list of prerequisites
